The prince himself said
More generals confirmed
Not fake yet
I advise you to give up the case as soon as possible
Surrender now
No offense, the prince came to spare your life
And spare my life
He is also a traitor
Excavated waste
You're lucky to be alive.
Dare to slander the prince
Ah!
It's you. It's me.
How does it feel to be dug into the supreme bitter feeling?
Not bad, huh?
Humming is bitter
I just don't know if your life is hard enough
Go to the general to hold the house
It's really not necessary.
Didn't you hear that?
The sworn advance is already at the door
He won't survive either
grab the troops first
You mean we just
The previous team that massacred?
Vermilion Bird Palace Vermilion Bird Divine General Ouyang Yue
Dragon Tooth Palace Dragon Tooth God General Li Caolong
see
Shaolin
The young master and his subordinates found a sudden march
Hearing it is not good for the young master
Already committed to the police
It's too late
Please forgive me, young master
Aren't they the masters of the temple of the mansion?
Who are you really?